[Mod]　Update CML Instructions (#21)
RoboCupAtHomeJP/AtHome2024: rules/OPL/cml_en.md

- During `Setup Day`:
  - Select the robot's `starting location` and announce it.
  - Select which bag to be grasped and announce it.
  - Announce obstacles to be used.
- Just before the test:

>   - (If the team requests for bonus challenge) Place obstacles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Place obstacles, if the team requests for bonus task during `Follow-Me` phase.
```

- During the test:

>   - Instruct where the bag is placed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Instruct where the bag needs to be placed.
```

>   - Instruct a bag that the operator points at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Instruct the bag that the operator should point at.
```

>   - Announce the goal location of follow-me.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Announce the *goal location* in `Follow-Me` phase.
```
